but of what news the farewells are raining
it rains it rains stop agliardi to me I have to
stamp 5 probably but nothing
wet that this time to the less evil that
wet with love
a left inversion
I could accelerate as he put on his nose
she was that fucking
to flake
my wet things and the dashboard
from 33 if a little more penalized though
he stood in front of the macabre now massing me
he felt neither his own nor his
private or in bathrooms or baskets and damp
I do n't give a fuck about the field
immediately I swear to you, trontano to go up
all curves in fast support
four tires slipped a hundred
left 4 finished 6 immediately right
four left rounds
on the right 6 touches
hundred and at the right-hand bend pole long ok
left 6 50 right 5 leaves 50 view
right 4 plus left two long turns
perfect for left 6 in estra 5 plus
lady leaves a tax of 34 in
left 4 delays the hair and immediately
right 3 long becomes 6 for right 6
eye on small interior
leave it to the right for left
3 detaches right-hand hairpin for hint
right around the left right 6
hires you're wide right 3 round leaves
in the left 4 long hold it in in
gym 4 immediately left 2 turns 50 a
left 6 keep an eye on it
the inside 50 within assents them leaves
100 top for right 5 in left 4
lady right eye hint
squeeze for eye off you are a
right hair in left back 5 touches
for right 4 long and immediately bend
left continue in three more
right 6 for left 6 touches was list
right-hand bend left 5 hint
right detaches left hairpin hint
right in right 6 long in hairpin
right lags left 3 round leaves in
left hint on the right 6 touches for
on the left wall 4 immediately right 3
keep it to the left rave 4 less in
right 4 leaves for right 4 leaves
detaches left hairpin bend